Nudge
Dating
Flow:
User creates account
User signs into account
User enters personal demographic information
User enters interests
User uploads several pictures
User saves information
Ongoing: Nudge runs in background
When the locations of two Nudge users are within a specified distance of each other, the Nudge algorithm is called to compare the two profiles. If a match is detected, both users will be "nudged" indicating that a match is nearby.
When the user opens the Nudge app, details of the match will be displayed and potential date recommendations will be displayed.
User can view the other user's profile and message that user if interested.
Nudge can create an event for which both parties can choose to accept, deny (politely), or propose a new time/location.
If the event take place, activity can be shared to Facebook
User can also browse nearby users that were determined to be no-matches
User can propose dates to users discovered via browsing

Enhancements:
Can incorporate ads as a source of revenue
Can work with local to give discounts at proposed date locations

Challenges:
Comparing two locations
Establishing an effective algorithm


Deals
Business Flow:
Business creates an account
Business identifies locations
Business creates targeted “Nudges”
Target based on general interests
Target based on specific items (food dishes/store products)
Target based on user Nudge history
Indicates the frequency of “Nudges” (1 in 20 people that meet the Nudge match criteria)
Business or Nudge app creates unique coupons to be pushed to user matches
Coupon can be added to Passbook on iPhone

Enhancements:
Businesses can view Nudge statistics

User Flow:
User creates account
User signs into account
User enters interests
Stores
Restaurants
Products
Activities
User creates wants/needs/likes list.  Specific items on these lists can be targeted by business (people who need a new TV will be more likely to receive a Nudge with a TV coupon).
User selects specific businesses to be Nudged by
User saves information
Ongoing: Nudge runs in background
When a user passes by a business location, system will check to see if a Nudge exists for the business.  If so, the users interests and lists will be checked to see if the Nudge criteria and frequency are met. If met, the user will “nudged” with a coupon.
The coupon will have a short time period for which it can be redeemed.
The coupon can be added to Passbook on the iPhone.
User redeems the coupon at the business location for which they were Nudged.
User can post the redemption on Facebook
Nudge will track the statistics of users
Number of times nudged
Number of redeemed nudges
Number of Nudge users that pass a business location on a given day

Enhancements:
User can browse deals (standard deals for nearby businesses; not as significant as Nudged deals)

Challenges:
Coordinating with different businesses
Generating unique coupon codes
Comparing user location to a static location
Tracking success - probably wouldn't be an interface to indicate that a coupon was used
Differentiating Nudges from spam
Making user preferences a simple entry process - make it more interactive than just checking/unchecking boxes


Common Challenges:
Geofencing - battery life/efficiency
Developing user base
Matching algorithms
